SGLang doc user flow updates (#703)
nod-ai/shark-ai: docs/shortfin/llm/user/shortfin_with_sglang_frontend_language.md

    - You can check out [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv)
    as a good tool to be able to manage multiple versions of python
    on the same system.

### Shortfin LLM Server

- A running `shortfin` LLM server. Directions on launching the llm server on one system can be found in [Llama end to end serving instructions](./llama_end_to_end.md) and for launching

> on a kubernetes cluster, see [LLama 8b GPU instructions on Kubernetes](./e2e_llama8b_k8s.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a kubernetes cluster, see [Llama 8b GPU instructions on Kubernetes](./e2e_llama8b_k8s.md)
```

    - You can check out [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv)
    as a good tool to be able to manage multiple versions of python
    on the same system.

### Shortfin LLM Server

> - A running `shortfin` LLM server. Directions on launching the llm server on one system can be found [here](./llama_end_to_end.md) and for launching
> on a kubernetes cluster, please look [here](./e2e_llama8b_k8s.md)

Reviewer: docs style tips: https://developers.google.com/style/link-text

> To write link text, use short, descriptive phrases that provide context for the material that you're linking to.

> Write unique, descriptive link text that makes sense without the surrounding text. Don't use phrases such as _this document_, _this article_, or _click here_.

(and "here" is only four characters, making it difficult to click on when on mobile)

Here is one way to rephase, by inlining the document titles:

```suggestion
- A running `shortfin` LLM server. Directions on launching the llm server on one system can be found in [Llama end to end serving instructions](./llama_end_to_end.md) and for launching
on a kubernetes cluster, see [LLama 8b GPU instructions on Kubernetes](./e2e_llama8b_k8s.md)
```

from sglang.lang.chat_template import get_chat_template

> backend = sgl.Shortfin(chat_template=get_chat_template("llama-3-instruct"), base_url="http://10.158.231.134:80", ) # Change base_url if running at different address

Reviewer 2: Why are we  hardcoding an IP address here? Can we instead pass this in as an argument?

Reviewer 2: Generally better to use X.X.X.X rather than hardcode something that's meaningful to someone for open source docs.

Author: Yeah that makes sense. Do you think it would be better to set a local variable with a comment (i.e.):

```python
import sglang as sgl

from sglang.lang.chat_template import get_chat_template

# Set base_url to running shortfin server
base_url = "<BASE_URL>"

backend = sgl.Shortfin(chat_template=get_chat_template("llama-3-instruct"), base_url=base_url) # Change base_url if running at different address

sgl.set_default_backend(backend)

@sgl.function
def multi_turn_question(s, question_1, question_2):
     s += sgl.user(question_1)
     s += sgl.assistant(sgl.gen("answer_1", max_tokens=50))
     s += sgl.user(question_2)
     s += sgl.assistant(sgl.gen("answer_2", max_tokens=50))

state = multi_turn_question.run(question_1="Name the capital city of the USA.", question_2="The Smithsonian is in this location.")

for m in state.messages():
    print(m["role"], m["content"])
```

Or we could add a step to set BASE_URL with an environment variable after the `Shortfin LLM Server` instruction and use that in the code example. That would make it so that they could still copy + paste into interpreter without changes:

```python
import os

import sglang as sgl

from sglang.lang.chat_template import get_chat_template

# Set base_url to running shortfin server
base_url = os.environ["BASE_URL"]

backend = sgl.Shortfin(chat_template=get_chat_template("llama-3-instruct"), base_url=base_url) # Change base_url if running at different address

sgl.set_default_backend(backend)

@sgl.function
def multi_turn_question(s, question_1, question_2):
     s += sgl.user(question_1)
     s += sgl.assistant(sgl.gen("answer_1", max_tokens=50))
     s += sgl.user(question_2)
     s += sgl.assistant(sgl.gen("answer_2", max_tokens=50))

state = multi_turn_question.run(question_1="Name the capital city of the USA.", question_2="The Smithsonian is in this location.")

for m in state.messages():
    print(m["role"], m["content"])
```

Reviewer: If the server is running on a different machine than the client yeah, stash it in an environment variable IMO.

Here are some other docs for inspiration:

* https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/get-started/cloud-deployment.html#call-the-deployment-endpoint
* https://docs.modular.com/max/tutorials/max-serve-local-to-cloud#3-retrieve-instance-information

Author: Added step under `### Shortfin LLm Server` to obtain base_url and store as `SHORTFIN_BASE_URL` environment variable. Updated code examples accordingly

sgl.set_default_backend(backend)

@sgl.function
def multi_turn_question(s, question_1, question_2):
     s += sgl.user(question_1)

>      s += sgl.assistant(sgl.gen("answer_1", max_tokens=50))

Reviewer 2: Should this be an argument passed in as well somewhere?

Author: Yeah, maybe something like:

### Run example

You can copy and paste the following examples into your interpreter. 

In these examples we will set the `max_tokens` to 50, allowing for a maximum of 50 tokens per completion request. For longer or shorter requests, `max_tokens` can be modified to a higher or lower value.

Reviewer: There are other options too, right? I'd put a reference page up somewhere, like these: 

* https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/serving/openai_compatible_server.html#cli-reference
* https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/serving/deploying_with_helm.html#values

Author: Added description for `max_tokens` and `temperature` (params that can be passed to shortfin through SGLang).

Added `Server Options` section to `llama_serving.md`, detailing the available flags we have when running shortfin server

     s += sgl.user(question_2)
     s += sgl.assistant(sgl.gen("answer_2", max_tokens=50))

state = multi_turn_question.run(question_1="Name the capital city of the USA.", question_2="The Smithsonian is in this location.")

for m in state.messages():
    print(m["role"], m["content"])
```

## Streaming Example

We can stream our request for a more responsive feel. Let's invoke a `streaming` Q&A from our server:

```python
import sglang as sgl
from sglang.lang.chat_template import get_chat_template

> backend = sgl.Shortfin(chat_template=get_chat_template("llama-3-instruct"), base_url="http://10.158.231.134:80")  # Change base_url if running at a different address

Reviewer: update IP address here too
